+573215671448

Getting Started Walk-through for Developers

True or false: You have to restart a container after you make changes to the code or they won’t be reflected in the application -> FALSE. 
True or false: Debugging a NodeJS app running in a container requires a special plugin for the IDE -> FALSE.

Mr

16/01/1997

https://www.linkedin.com/in/amaury-rafael-ortega-camargo-906851133/

Experience level with Docker. (100 word max)
I've been using docker since the beginning of 2017, I came across docker searching for a quick and easy solution to deploy simple mqtt, IRC or HTTP server. Since then I've been able to make my own images and adapt others people work to my needs, my major experience comes from using turnkey linux's images which provide the possibilities of a Debian system with the ease of sharing my environment with my co workers in development.

Please tell us why do you want to attend DockerCon Europe? (200 word max)
My college is public so the career is focused on research and work opportunities but I noticed a big lack of knowledge in which workflow a developer should follow, I want to fill that gap. Beside that, I've been enthusiast in tech since I was 10 years old and as I got older I was interested in a career related to SysAdmin but I wanted to do software development so I was confused for a while, I wanted to merge development, SysAdmin, networking and infrastructure; a couple years ago I saw the word DevOps and intermediately fell in love, after weeks of reading I wanted to set up a CI/CD environment for my own, even tough I know DockerCon won't give me all the knowledge there is to know about Docker for this application, It will give me a chance to meet people beyond my usual reach and see how they use it to improve their workflow.

What do you hope to learn at DockerCon Europe? (200 word max)
I want to know how Docker improves CI/CD, from the developer and SysAdmin/Ops perspective, the workflow in software development. I want to go deeper into what options Docker CLI, Docker daemon and its API offers so I can use Docker at its full potential. I want to see how people use Docker in their environment and which difficulties they got into and how they solve it. I want to see the challenges of making Windows containers and how I should transfer my Windows infrastructure to containers using docker and what kind of mentality I should have in this process. I want to understand more about DevOps and apply them to my career's final year project which hopes to provide an infrastructure and workflow in my college so others system engineering's students know a CI/CD environment that developers worldwide use while working in a software development company.

Why do you think you should be selected for the DockerCon Diversity Scholarship Program?
Because no matter how good someone is at something, serving others is the most worth thing to do. Humans are supposed to help the ones who needed and right now my college needs someone who isn't afraid to go to those unknown expertises and I hope to be the one that does it and improve the life of any future system engineering's student by taking knowledge here.

Anything else you feel the scholarship committee should know about you? (optional)
"You can't win if you never bet" is the thought that inspired me to apply, seeing a community inviting people all over the world is a brave bet and I'll try to move on by that feeling.